Update teams-for-vdi.md (#8658)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/teams-for-vdi.md

- Azure Virtual Desktop doesn't support macOS and Linux-based clients at this time.
- Fast tenant switch can result in calling-related issues on VDI such as screen sharing not available. Restarting the client will mitigate these issues.

### Notifications

> - Message count notification/presence on Windows task bar is not supported on Windows Server 2016 host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Message count notification and presence on the Windows taskbar is not supported on Windows Server 2016 host.
```
